[Integration][Gitlab] | Fix unintended deletion of file kinds (#1104)
port-labs/ocean: integrations/gitlab/CHANGELOG.md

<!-- towncrier release notes start -->

0.1.135 (2024-10-31)
====================

### Improvements

> - Resolved unexpected deletion of file kind entities by explicitly declaring the file search in projects to use the advanced search type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Explicitly declaring the file search in projects to use the advanced search type, in cases where the default search in gitlab changes.
- Enhanced more verbosity on file kind
```
